---
layout: home
categories: [Output]
title: Conference paper accepted at FDL 2021
description: The paper has been accepted at the Forum on specification & Design Languages 2021.
preview: assets/img/FDL_logo.png
---

The paper titled **Modeling in Industry 5.0: What Is There and What Is 
Missing**, authored by *Sebastiano Gaiardelli*, *Stefano Spellini*, 
*Michele Lora* and *Franco Fummi*, has been accepted at the
[2021 Forum on specification and Design Languages 
(FDL)](http://fdl-conference.org){:target="_blank"}.
{: .text-justify}

The Industry 4.0 trend speeds up the adoption of a variety of technologies. In
modern manufacturing, system data are collected both from the field through
sensors and by exploiting complex simulations. Data analysis techniques became
crucial to build and maintain any efficient production line, while autonomous
systems and robots are the main focus of researchers and practitioners.
{: .text-justify}

This pervasive use of artificial intelligence derived technologies pushed humans
to the border of production systems. Industry 5.0 aims at bringing the attention
back to humans in production lines while magnifying their interactions with
intelligent systems. This new trend will impact the design of future
manufacturing infrastructures, increasing their complexity.
{: .text-justify}

Engineers will need modeling and developing tools able to capture this
complexity. In this paper, we analyze the modeling languages and tools being
used, identifying their strengths and weaknesses. Then, we propose some possible
directions to provide engineers with the expressive power needed to tackle the
challenges posed by Industry 5.0.
{: .text-justify}

