---
layout: home
categories: [Output]
title: A DeFacto paper has been accepted at DATE 2023
description: The paper has been accepted at the IEEE/ACM Design Automation and Testing in Europe 2023.
preview: assets/img/DATE2023_logo.png
---

The paper titled **Co-Design of Topology, Scheduling, and Path Planning in 
Automated Warehouses**, authored by *Christopher Leet*, *Chanwook Oh*, 
          *Michele Lora*, *Sven Koenig*, and *Pierluigi Nuzzo*, 
has been accepted at the
[2023 IEEE/ACM Design Automation and Test in Europe](https://date-conference.com/){:target="_blank"}
that will be held in Antwerp, 17 - 19 April 2023.
{: .text-justify}

In the accepted paper, we address the warehouse servicing problem (WSP) in 
automated warehouses, which 
use teams of mobile agents to bring products from shelves to packing stations. 
Given a list of products, the WSP amounts to finding a plan for a team of agents 
which brings every product on the list to a station within a given timeframe. 
The WSP consists of four subproblems, concerning what tasks to perform 
(task formulation), who will perform them (task allocation), and when 
(scheduling) and how (path planning) to perform them. 
These subproblems are NP-hard individually and become more challenging in 
combination. The difficulty of the WSP is compounded by the scale of automated 
warehouses, which frequently use teams of hundreds of agents. In this paper, we 
present a methodology that can solve the WSP at such scales. We introduce a 
novel, contract-based design framework which decomposes an automated warehouse 
into traffic system components. By assigning each of these components a contract
describing the traffic flows it can support, we can synthesize a traffic flow 
satisfying a given WSP instance. Component-wise search-based path planning is 
then used to transform this traffic f low into a plan for discrete agents in a 
modular way. Evaluation shows that this methodology can solve WSP instances on 
real automated warehouses.
{: .text-justify}

A pre-print of the paper is available 
[here](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.01448){:target="_blank"}.
{: .text-justify}

