---
layout: home
categories: [Output]
title: A DeFacto paper has been accepted at ISIE 2022
description: The paper has been accepted at the IEEE International
        Symposium on Industrial Electronics.
preview: assets/img/IES_logo.png
---

The paper titled **A Hierarchical Modeling Approach to Improve Scheduling of 
Manufacturing Processes**, authored by *Sebastiano Gaiardelli*, 
*Stefano Spellini*, *Michele Lora* and *Franco Fummi*, has been accepted at the
[2022 IEEE International Symposium on 
Industrial Electronics (ISIE)](https://www.ieee-isie2022.org){:target="_blank"}
{: .text-justify}

Timely response to sudden production events and requirements shifts
is a key feature of Industry 4.0. It requires
techniques to manipulate and optimize the production processes,
and components providing an high degree of reconfigurability. 
{: .text-justify}

To acknowledge to such demands, this paper presents a 
multi-level and hierarchical approach to manufacturing processes modeling. 
Models are structured to represent the production hierarchically: partitioning
recipes in a set of tasks, allocated to 
machines' manufacturing services and expressed as a sequence of elementary actions.
Then, we propose a run-time scheduling algorithm able to exploit the novel
structure given to knowledge by the proposed modeling approach.
The algorithm aims at minimizing the makespan while maximizing machines utilization.
{: .text-justify}

We validate the contributions of this paper on a full-fledged production line. 
The modeling strategy has been implemented in SysML: a well-known systems modeling language.
The experiments show the presented model and the proposed scheduling approach 
enabling a more precise and more performing control over the manufacturing process.
{: .text-justify}

