---
layout: home
categories: [Output]
title: A DeFacto paper has been accepted at IROS 2023
description: The paper has been accepted at the 2023 IEEE/RSJ International 
            Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS 2023)
preview: assets/img/IROS23_LOGO.svg
---

A paper titled **Task Assignment, Scheduling, and Motion Planning for Automated 
Warehouses for Million Product Workloads**,
authored by *Christopher Leet*, *Chanwook Oh*, *Michele Lora*, *Sven Koenig*, 
and *Pierluigi Nuzzo* has been accepted at the
[2023 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems 
(IROS 2023)](https://https://ieee-iros.org/){:target="_blank"}.

{: .text-justify}
In this work, we address the Warehouse Servicing Problem
(WSP) in automated warehouses, which use teams of mobile
robots to move products from shelves to packaging stations.
Given a list of products, the WSP amounts to finding a motion
plan which brings every product on the list from a shelf to a
packaging station within a given time limit. The WSP consists
of four subproblems, namely, deciding where to source and
deposit a product (task formulation), who should transport
each product (task assignment) and when (scheduling) and how
(motion planning). These problems are NP-Hard individually
and made more challenging by their interdependence. The
difficulty of the WSP is compounded by the scale of automated
warehouses, which use teams of hundreds of agents to transport
thousands of products. In this paper, we present Contractbased Cyclic Motion Planning (CCMP), a novel contract-based
methodology for solving the WSP at scale. CCMP decomposes a
warehouse into a set of traffic system components. By assigning
each component a contract which describes the traffic flows it
can support, CCMP can generate a traffic flow which satisfies
a given WSP instance. CCMP then uses a novel motion planner
to transform this traffic flow into a motion plan for a team of
robots. Evaluation shows that CCMP can solve WSP instances
taken from real industrial scenarios with up to 1 million
products while outperforming other methodologies for solving
the WSP by up to 2.9×.
{: .text-justify}
A pre-print of the paper is available [here](pdf/Leet_IROS_2023.pdf){:target="_blank"}.
{: .text-justify}

